Sidharth Bambah
UID: 904787435
Lab # 1

1. To get man to print all of the commands with a specific keyword in 
	their page, run the command man -k keyword. I found this by using 
	the hint (man man) which specified the flag needed to do this.
2. The which command can be used to find the location of other commands.
	Thus, to find the location of the cp program, type which cp. Likewise,
	to find the location of the wc command, we type which wc.
	Location of cp: /bin/cp
	Location of wc: /usr/bin/wc
3. To find the executable programs with names consisting of only one
	character, we use the command ls user/bin/? We use this command because
	all programs are typically stored in the /usr/bin directory and the 
	wildcard ? will filter out all programs that have more than one character
	in their names. This command yields:
	[ - exit with the status determined by expression
	w - displays information about the users currently on the machine, and their 
		processes
	The descriptions or these programs were found using the man pages for each,
	respectively.
4. To find out which file is actually being executed by the symbolic link, we 
	navigate to the bin directory using the command cd /usr/bin. Then, to find
	where the symbolic link points to, we run the command ls -l | grep emacs. 
	This shows that emacs is really at /etc/alternatives/emacs
5. As evidenced by the man page for chmod and the book, The Linux Command Line,
	the 'g' stands for group ID and enumerates the users in the file's group.
	Also, the plus operator causes the file mode bits to be added to the
	existing file mode bits. Finally, the 's' sets the group ID on execution.
    The 'o' stands for other. So, the flag 'o-x' removes the ability for others
	to execute the program.
6. In order to use the find command to view files that have been changed within
	a certain period of time we use the flag -ctime -21. The -ctime flag 
	requires a numerical argument, x, that makes the find command look for files
	modified within x days.
7. To look for the directories that have been modified with three weeks, we use 
	the command find / -type d -ctime -21. The -type flag tells the program to
	look only for directories and the / is used to tell find where to search
	for the modified directories.
8. The find program is in the /usr/bin/ directory as derived by using the which
	find command. With this information we can run the command 
	find /usr/bin -type l | wc -l
	to count the number of symbolic links in the folder. The type flag tells
	the find command to only look at the symbolic links. Then, the pipe to
	wc with the -l flag counts the number of lines that are outputted. 
	This number is 242 and represents the number of symbolic links in
	the /usr/bin directory.
9. To find the oldest regular file in the /usr/lib directory, we run the command
	cd /usr/lib to get to the directory followed by ls -ltr. The -l flag tells
	ls to list all of the files in long form, the -t flag tells the command to
	list the entries with the newest first, and the r flag reverses the order
	resulting in the oldest entries on top. The file entry denoted with a '-' as
	the first descriptor is the oldest file and is libijs-0.35.so.
10. The locale command generates data regarding the currently set locale. This
	locale is defined in the environmental variabls of the system.
11. To find the commands that have sort in their names in emacs we use the
	command C-h a. Then, using the keyword search feature, we find that the
	commands with sort in their names are as follows:
	Buffer-menu-sort
	sort-columns
	sort-fields
	sort-lines
	sort-numeric-fields
	sort-pages
	sort-paragraphs
	sort-regexp-fields
	tabulated-list-col-sort
	tabulated-list-sort
12. Using C-h b we can see all of the commands in emacs. By using C-s to search
	for "C-M-a" and "C-m-h" we can see that these commands do the following:
	C-M-a = beginning-of-defun: Move backward to the beginning of a defun.
		Arguments can be used to do it many times. The point ends up at the
		beginning of the line where the search succeeds.
	C-M-h = mark-defun: Puts mark at end of this defun, point at beginning. The
		defun marked is the one that contains the point or follows it.
13. Using the same methodology as in question 12, the keystroke C-g is as
	follows:
	C-g = keyboard-quit: Signal's a 'quit' condition. At the top-level, as an
	editor command, there is a beep. During execution of Lisp code, this
	character causes a quit directly.
14.	The yank function reinserts, or pastes, the last stretch of killed text.
	Essentially, it reinserts the most recent kill and puts the point at the end.
	Also, it sets the mark at the beginning without activating it.
15. The emacs dired command also lists the parent and current directory while
	the ls -l command does not.